Add note that pyplot cannot be used for 3D. (#19455)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/toolkits/mplot3d.rst

mplot3d API
***********

.. note::

>    `.pyplot` cannot be used to add content to 3D plots, because it's function
>    sigantures are strictly 2D and cannot handle the additional information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `.pyplot` cannot be used to add content to 3D plots, because its function
   signatures are strictly 2D and cannot handle the additional information
```
